## Transition

While the types defined in the previously make illegal states unrepresentable, they don't enforce any rules about how to transition from one state into another. A state transition should be a function that takes a current Score and the winner of a ball and returns a new Score. More formally, it should have the type `(Score, Player) -> Score`.

You must now be able to implement missing tests. We will apply Test-Driven Development following the Red/Green/Refactor cycle, using JUnit.

## Composing the general function

What you need to implement is a state transition of the type `(Score, Player ) -> Score`.
<br/>What you have so far are the following functions:

- scoreWhenPoints : `(PointsData, Player) -> Score`
- scoreWhenForty : `(FortyData, Player) -> Score`
- scoreWhenDeuce : `(Player) -> Score`
- scoreWhenAdvantage : `(Player, Player) -> Score`

You can implement the desired function by clicking the pieces together:

```Kotlin
fun score(current: Score, winner: Player) : Score = when (current){
    is Points -> scoreWhenPoints(current.pointsData, winner)
    is Forty -> scoreWhenForty(current.fortyData, winner)
    is Deuce -> scoreWhenDeuce(winner)
    is Advantage -> scoreWhenAdvantage(current.player , winner)
    is Game -> scoreWhenGame(current.player)
}
```

Refactoring transition functions should be quite easy following the types we have designed.

You can notice we add a new function `scoreWhenGame`. It's because a pattern matching must be exaustive. We should also use `else` which mean _default_. In our case, `current` type is `Score` so its value may also be `Game` but when score is Game it means a player win the game, score will no more change. Add the implementation :

```Kotlin
val scoreWhenGame : (Player) -> Score  = { winner -> Game(winner)}
```

Finally you can initialize a new Game :

```Kotlin
val newGame : () -> Score = { Points(PointsData(Love,Love)) }
```
